(Mobile twinkling a song)
[RINKO, ON PHONE]
"Maki"? Aw that's nice!
[TAKEO]
You write it with the
character for "truth" and
"hope"...
And that's her.
Ah! That's a
fantastic name!
(Giggle)
Is her hair still
standing up?
She's looking like
a Super Saiyan.
Oh my gosh! I can't
wait to see her!
(Squirming noises)
Uh-huh. Well she's
growing really fast,
so you're gonna
have to hurry.
Really? Is she
all cute and chubby?
Mm-hmm. Yep.
Cute'n chubby.
(Giggle)
I'm looking forward to
squeezing her cheeks!
Yeah... Yeah.
Oooh! I'll hold
her and cuddle
and smell her
little baby smell.
Maki?
Gah?
Do you have any idea what
month it is? It's February.
(Giggle)
And in February,
there's a thing called
Valentine's Day.
It's a day when all the
girls give chocolate to
the boys they like.
(Giggle)
And that day's almost here!
MMM!
Hm!
♪Opening song♪
[TAKEO]
Red chocolate, pink chocolate,
dark chocolate...
Ohh...
AGH!
You might want to watch
where you're going.
I'm wondering...
What kind of chocolate do you
think she'll be giving you?
Do you think
she'll give me some?
Of course she will.
WHOOAAAA!
I cannot wait!
No girl has ever willfully
given me chocolate.
Sure, I've gotten
consolation chocolate.
I didn't want this.
There's always that
one little kid
who doesn't quite fit
in. Bless your heart.
Thank you so much for doing
this for him every year.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[TAKEO]
Of course, Suna's always
gotten some.
Each year, I've always been
prepared not to get any.
But I always held out hope.
And in the end,
I was always let down.
That's just how my Valentine's
Days have always been.
(Giggling)
But, this year
will be different!
[SUNA]
I bet she's going to give
you something amazing.
You think so?
I'm sure she will.
I hope so!
WOO-HOO!
I take it you're excited.
Yeah! I've never gotten
honest-to-goodness
love chocolate from
anyone before!
Did you say
"love chocolate?"
[TAKEO]
TOTAL! TRUE! LOVE!
WOO-HOO!
Hold on. If she sees how much
I'm looking forward to it,
it'll put too much
pressure on her.
I need to play it cool.
I need to act like it really
doesn't matter either way.
Good call. Uh!
Although you're not doing
a very good job of it.
♪I'm gonna get chocolate
from my very own true love
on Valentine's Day this year!♪
And it is gonna be awesome!
And wait... I was gonna
do something else
on Valentine's Day, too!
After she gives me my
delicious love chocolate
to say "thank you,"
I'll go in for our second kiss!
WOOO!
AHH!
[NANAKO]
Rinko! I am begging you!
Please, I need you to teach
me how to make chocolate!
You mean for
Valentine's Day?
Yes! I've never made
anything like that before,
and I don't have
any of the equipment!
You can come over and
make some at my place.
I'm gonna be making
some for Takeo anyway.
You are the best!
Thank you so much!
Having a boyfriend
must be pretty nice.
We're all alone.
And totally don't
have anything planned.
Uh, we'd at least like
to make some for ourselves!
Then, why don't we all get
together at my place?
It'll be fun!
Whoo! I'm
all over that!
Tell us what we need. We'll
buy all the ingredients!
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Hm? Hey!
(Giggling)
Oh, wow... The wind
sure is strong today!
Is it really?
Huh?
(Wind whistling)
Mm!
Ngh!
If I stay in the right place,
you block the wind for me.
I love her.
I don't have a whole lot
of cash on me today,
so do you mind if we
just get some drinks
and chat a little while?
[TAKEO]
Sure thing.
Did she spend all of her
money for Valentine's Day?
Ms. Yamato, you don't have
to do too much for this.
Just getting anything
from you is enough for me.
As long as it's chocolate.
[RINKO]
Takeo, about
February 14th-
I'm free!
Huh?
Oh, crap!
She didn't actually say
anything to me yet!
That's funny! That's just
what I was about to ask you.
I love her.
Hang on. I'll go
throw these away.
That was close!
Gotta be careful not to
put any pressure on her.
When do you plan
on starting?
[RINKO]
It's almost Valentine's,
so there are a lot of
limited edition chocolates
available out there.
Oh yeah? It's almost
Valentine's Day, is it?
[RINKO]
Look how amazing
some of these are!
And they come in so
many colors and shapes!
Holy crap! Is that how much they
cost?! Each one's only one bite!
[RINKO]
I'm sure they use really
high-grade coco beans or
something.
They're all so beautiful.
I always want to just get
them for myself.
Is that right?
I've been seeing pistachios
a lot this year...
[TAKEO]
It doesn't have
to be expensive.
I'm fine with any
old messed up chocolate.
As long as it comes
from you, Ms. Yamato.
[MOMOTA]
Please! I'm begging
you, Takeo!
Huh?
On February 14th,
can we maybe hang out
with all the girls again?
Did you say February 14th?
That's Valentine's Day.
Yes, we know!
[KAKITANI] We know
it all too well.
[FUDO]
That's why we're asking.
We've never gotten chocolate
on Valentine's Day
in our entire lives!
(Whining)
(Whistling)
Except in kindergarten when
the lady who drove the bus
found some under the seat
and gave it to me.
At least you actually
got something!
[FUDO]
Yeah! Be thankful!
I don't want to spend
another Valentine's Day
alone in my house thinking
about what a loser I am!
That sweet Nanako
is making me some
from scratch!
Huh?!
If only I actually liked
chocolate, then that would
be just perfect!
Well that's it then...
I guess I'll be spending
another Valentines Day
without any love...
or chocolate..
[SUNA]
You guys rely too
much on Takeo.
He couldn't spend
Christmas alone with
his girlfriend, either.
Why don't you give
the guy a break?
Oh...
You're right.
I'm sorry.
'It's okay...
Let me ask Ms. Yamato.
(Amazed gasps)
HMM!
We don't deserve you!
But thank you though, Suna.
You pushover.
[TAKEO]
Thank you.
All I want for
Valentine's Day...
Is chocolate from
Ms. Yamato.
(Phone jingle)
[RINKO]
I got a message from Takeo.
His friends want to
hang out with all you
ladies on Valentine's Day.
Is that okay?
Huh? Well sure.
That's fine with me.
It's not like we have
any dates or anything.
Oh! Then how about we take
whatever chocolates we end up
making at your place
and give them to the boys?
Yeah! That is a great idea!
[KOJIMA]
I bet they'll get
a kick out of that.
[MANA]
Let's do it!
I think me and Osamu
might have other plans.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(Giggle)
(Phone jingle)
(Takeo screams)
(Class screams)
Ohmigod! Ohmigod! Ohmigod!
Takeo fell out the window!
[MOMOTA]
He was doing back
extensions to limber up
for PE, but he got a text.
And when he tried to look
at it, he lost his balance!
Why was he hanging out the
window in the first place?!
You think he's
gonna be okay?
That's a good question!
(Class screams)
Takeo, I'm so glad
you're not dead!
I'm good.
[TAKEO]
Yeah. I caught a few
ledges on the way down.
But, dude, you gotta hold
on tighter next time.
Sorry!
But man, it's amazing
you didn't hurt yourself.
Check it out.
Uh, yeah! And your
phone is amazing, too.
No. It looks like the girls
said yes to Valentine's Day.
(All gasp)
(Screams and cheers)
Y'know, Takeo. She's really
nice to be doing this.
(All singing)
Look how happy they are.
And well, who could blame 'em?
Thank you, Ms. Yamato.
(Bubbling)
Hmm... Ah!
(Giggle)
[NANAKO]
Ugh, how long do I
keep stirring this?
My arm is so
freaking tired!
Maybe you're just not cut
out for making desserts.
I mean you can't even separate
the yolks from the egg whites!
I'm amazed you wanted to
make this stuff from scratch.
I wanted to do something
nice for Osamu, y'know?
You want me
to take over?
No, I'm fine.
I'll do it myself.
It won't mean anything if
I let someone else make it.
(Giggle)
That's the spirit.
Hey, Rinko, can you,
like, look at this?
Is it ready to go yet?
Yeah, that looks good.
Let's roll it out and
cut out the shapes.
(Beeping)
It kinda makes it more fun when
you know you're going to give it
to someone.
So do any of you have a
particular boy in mind?
[KOJIMA]
Huh. Uh, no. Not me.
Guess it doesn't matter,
they'll all just be
glad to see us.
Yeah... I wonder what
they'll think getting sweets
from a bunch of
girls they barely know.
Who knows? They might
think it's a little creepy.
[RINKO]
Oh no. Takeo will
keep them in line!
[NANAKO] (Laughs)
Don't mess with
Rinko's desserts!
(Twinkling)
[TAKEO]
Valentine's, huh...
Back in kindergarten,
there was a box of
chocolates in the front
basket of Suna's bike.
Whoa, who's it from?
I dunno. It doesn't
have a name on it.
Ohh...
There was a letter attached to
it.
And it made me think that it
must have been from someone...
different.
There's a lot of love for
Valentine's Day this year.
Little sisters can
give love, too.
And come White Day,
you'll get some love back.
(Giggling and cooing)
February 14th!
This is going to
be a great day!
♪Today's the day to
get some chocolate!
Perfect day to get some
yum yum chocolate!♪
Bring it on!
You're looking forward
to this way too much.
Wow! Jackpot as usual!
Hey, Suna. What do you do
with all those anyway?
Well I take them all home.
[SUNA]
And for the ones with
names on them, I give them
something back on White Day.
That's it?!
Yeah, that's it.
Nothing else, huh?
Mm.
I can't really imagine
anything more than that
coming from just
a box of chocolates.
Guess if I felt like a girl
was kinda nice, then maybe.
But then again...
I've never really come
across a girl who just sorta
clicks with me like you have.
Hmm...
[TAKEO]
I see.
He did say that girls
seemed like a hassle to him...
And the ones he knew talked
about me behind my back.
I see.
[TAKEO] This is the place.
[GUYS] Whooaaa!
I got a text that
they're already here.
Takeo!
[KAKITANI] Uh, hey!
[AYU] It's been a while, huh?
[MOMOTA]
Here. Have a seat.
Okay. Since today is
Valentine's Day...
We got together and made
you boys something.
(Nervous whimpers)
[RINKO]
Chocolate cookies!
Here you go, Takeo.
Oooh!
And for you, Suna!
Thanks a lot.
GAH!
[MOMOTA]
Hold it, hold it! Ahhh!
Huh?
(Nervous laughs)
Um...
Can you maybe make it so
that each girl can, like,
hand each guy a treat?
It feels
more personal.
Uhh...
Don't push it, guys.
But, well played.
Um sure, I don't mind.
Let's see..
(Cheering)
Uh... Here ya go.
Uh... thank you.
(Oohs and aahs)
Thank you girls so much!
[MOMOTA]
My parents are not going to
believe a "girl" gave me this.
[FUDO]
Or that a girl
even talked to you!
They seem really
happy, don't they?
I'm kinda glad we
decided to do this.
Yeah.
[MANA]
You'd think a girl's never
been nice to them before.
Ah! Takeo, you're not supposed
to eat those in the restaurant.
Shh...
I love her!
[MOMOTA]
Let's order something,
shall we?
We only ordered drinks
before you guys got here.
Well let us get you
something to eat.
It's on us. Our treat!
Huh? We can't let
you do that.
It's just our way of
showing our thanks!
(Numerous thank yous)
Looks like this thing
might work out.
What about you, Takeo?
Oh, uh...
Chocolate...
Chocolate?
No! Uh no, not that!
I don't want Ms. Yamato
to realize how excited
I am about this!
I don't want her to
feel pressured into it!
Uh, water, please!
[RINKO]
Like bottled water?
Mineral water
is fine...
'Kay. What about you, Suna?
(Grunting)
Maybe the chocolate
is inside her bag!
Is there, uh, something
wrong with my bag?
Chocolate! Ah!
Yes, that's right...
My bag is chocolate brown!
It's like the bags at school.
Only a different color.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Dude. That was close.
Cho-co-lat-te. Oh. Yeah!
[RINKO AND TAKEO]
Rock, paper, scissors!
I lost again!
[TAKEO]
Cho-co-la-te!
[RINKO]
Takeo, you're so good at this!
What are you gonna do with
all that chocolate, huh?
(Girls laughing)
Man, Suna, I'm so freakin'
excited, I can hardly hide it!
You're not
hiding anything.
[AYU] What should we do next?
[TAKEO]
I am so ready for my very
first chocolate from a girl
who actually likes me.
[MOMOTA]
Thank you for everything today.
We had a really awesome time!
[KAKITANI]
I can't believe I got
chocolate from somebody!
[AYU]
We had fun too!
Really?
Yeah?
No kidding?
Seriously?!
You know, um...
Maybe we can all...
Maybe we can hang out
together sometime...
Y'know, without
Takeo and Rinko.
Huh? Okay.
That's fine, right?
Uh... why not?
Sure thing!
Sounds like fun!
(Cheering)
(Laughing)
[NANASHI]
I guess we're gonna need
your contact info, aren't we?
[TAKEO]
Great. It turned out well...
Good for them.
Ms. Yamato.
Hm?
Uh, I'll walk you back home.
Ah um... Well, I'm actually
in a bit of a hurry.
So you can go on ahead
without me, okay?
See you later!
It was fun today!
Bye-bye! Bye, everyone!
[KOJIMA]
What? Rinko,
you're going home?
(Group saying goodbyes)
See ya later, guys.
See ya next time!
But... but... chocolate?
I didn't get any chocolate.
Uh, Takeo, you just
walked into a pole.
Hey! You need to
get down from there!
[TAKEO]
I'm home!
Dude, that's
not your door.
Maybe once you
start dating,
you don't give each other
things on Valentine's Day.
I mean, she's always giving
me stuff anyway, right?
So she probably didn't get
me anything on purpose.
[YURIKO]
Take, Granny Izumi
dropped by and left you your
Valentine's Day chocolate.
Be sure to thank her
next time you see her.
(Affirmative groan)
[TAKEO]
Well that's it.
Maki, your big brother
didn't get any love
chocolate again this year.
I thought I was, but
it just didn't happen.
I can't say I didn't want some.
(Rinko giggles)
I wanted it more than anything.
Some things just aren't
meant to be, little sister.
[RINKO, FLASHBACK]
Is there, uh, something
wrong with my bag?
Yes, that's right...
My bag is chocolate brown.
[TAKEO]
I should've just told her.
It's my fault for not
letting her know how much I
was looking forward to it.
Here you go, Takeo!
Hmm?
Wait. Chocolate!
I got some!
I did get some chocolate!
It all happened
too fast and casual.
I didn't realize
what was happening!
She probably just handed
it out like everybody else
because she didn't want to
make anyone else feel awkward!
WAAAUUGGHHH!
I didn't savor it!
I just scarfed 'em down!
Take! Quit making so much noise!
You're gonna wake
up the baby! Good Lord!
Wait, let me try to
remember what it tasted like!
(Straining)
YUMMY!
(Crying)
TAKE!
I didn't realize what
she was giving me,
so I never got the chance
to thank her properly.
[RINKO, FLASHBACK]
I'm sure it uses really
high-grade cacao beans or
something.
They're all so beautiful,
I always want to just get
them for myself.
Oh! Hmm...
Suna! I want to give Ms. Yamato
some limited edition chocolate!
Come with me to
the department store!
Oh, there you are.
Don't go anywhere!
I'll be right down!
Uh no! They're closed!
We'll have to go tomorrow-
[YURIKO]
Take! I told you
to be quiet!
Yeah. Don't think
he heard me.
Thank you, Ms. Yamato.
Ah, oh?
She's here?
Oh, Takeo! Thank
goodness you came out!
I wasn't sure how I
was going to hit the
doorbell holding this!
Here you go.
Your Valentine's chocolate.
I sorta made it too big,
so I had to remake the
box so it could fit.
But since it's Valentine's,
I totally wanted to make
something really extravagant.
I was so excited, that
I kept screwing things up
and started to panic,
and started over a few times.
I even messed up
tempering the chocolate,
and I learned how to do
that back in grade school.
And I just now finished
decorating it.
I really didn't think
I'd be able get it done
before the day was over.
I barely made it in time!
But you... already gave
me chocolate earlier.
What? The cookies?
No, no that was for
everyone in the group.
This one is special.
Just for you. (Echo)
Special chocolate...
Just for me and Ms. Yamato!
Oh, hello there.
Good to see you.
Oh, good evening!
How's Maki?
She getting bigger by the day?
[YURIKO]
She is. She's taking a bath
with her dad right now.
I'll drop by again
sometime so I can hold her!
Come over
any time, dear.
Okay!
(Door slides closed)
(Giggle)
[RINKO]
I'm so glad I was able
to give it to you today.
Well, I should get
going now! Bye-bye!
Uh, yeah... Thanks a lot!
(Giggle)
[TAKEO]
Thank you,
Ms. Yamato.
Thank you for giving me
my first love chocolate...
AH!
MS. YAMATO!
THANK YOU!
MMMMMM!
(SQUEAKING)
MWAAHH!
Ohh!
(Squeal)
[TAKEO]
God, I love her!
(Loud squeal)
Oh?
[RINKO]
Dear Takeo, thank you for
falling in love with me.
I love you, too. Rinko.
My very first chocolate.
From the girl I love!
Thanks for the love.
YUMMY!
Ohh! It's so good!
It's delicious!
Every bite is better
than the last!
Take! Shut the hell up!
[TAKEO]
Mm. So good.
Here, Master! Some
obligation chocolate.
Oh wow! Uh,
thanks, Saijo.
Oh. And Suna, I guess
you can have some, too.
Thank you.
See ya!
(Giggling)
She was being considerate by
waiting until the day after.
That was nice.
Well she's a nice person.
Y'know, I get the
feeling that girls who
fall in love with you...
are ultimately nice people.
The girls who've ever
asked Suna out all
talked bad about me.
And so Suna always
rejected them.
But out of all the girls who've
ever been interested in him,
there must've been
at least someone.
At least one that
was different.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
Me and the Letter.